SQL Developer
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama.
Objective
Over 7+ years of working experience as a Data Modeler and Data Analyst with high proficiency in
requirement gathering and data modeling including design and technical knowledge, in the field
of OLTP, Data Warehousing, OLAP and ETL Environment along with quick adaptability to new
technologies.
Skills
SQL, Databases, T-Sql, Visual Studio, Visual Basic, C, HTML 5, CSS3, SSRS, Collaboration, Problem
Resolution, Data Warehousing.
Work Experience
SQL Developer
ABC Corporation ­ November 2010 – April 2012
 Created documents for technical &amp; business user requirements during requirements
gathering sessions.
 Designed Logical and Physical models of Relational Database.
 Built strong relationships with key business and technology partners inside and outside the
platform and infrastructure team.
 Worked on aggregate dimensions, late arriving facts and dimensions, staging tables and ODS.
 Partnered with finance, MIS teams and accounting to ensure the consistency and accuracy of
data and reporting.
 Worked in data mapping, enabling the extract, transform and loading of the data into target
tables.
 Data mapping documents between Legacy, Production, and User Interface Systems were
developed.
SQL Developer
ABC Corporation ­ 2005 – 2010
 MBM Company is a jewelry company selling rings, necklaces and other jewelry for men and
women.
 They specialize in having personalized jewelry products with clients such as Walmart, Target,
Kohls, JC Penny, 7th Avenue, HSN.
 RESPONSIBILITIES Created new tables, written stored procedures for Application Developers
and some user defined functions Created SQL scripts for tuning and scheduling.
 Involved in Migration of databases of SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005.
 Performed data conversions from flat files into a normalized database structure Created and
managed users, roles and groups and handled database security Created Triggers to enforce
data and referential integrity Defined Check constraints, Business Rules,.
 Handling Users/Logins/User Rights Managing historical data from various heterogeneous data
sources (i.e.
 Excel, Access) Environment SQL Server 2000 and 2005, PL/SQL..
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines
Education
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines
